>> Steve Kinney: So I have an application,
>> Steve Kinney: Called Think Piece,
that's linked to in the notes and
in the workshop.
And Think Piece will eventually
be a live blogging platform for
all of your hottest takes,
and stuff along those lines.
And we can fire it up with npm start.
>> Steve Kinney: Give that
one second to fire up.
And right at this moment, it is a very
plain create-react-app application there.
We're gonna take a look at
the code in a second, but
there's not really a lot
of surprises in there.
But we can go ahead and
put in My Fancy new Thoughts on Bacon.
>> Steve Kinney: It's still kind of okay.
>> Steve Kinney: Add it,
and there it is, right?
Nothing really special,
it's baby's first React app.
We'll take a tour of the code.
>> Steve Kinney: All right,
>> Steve Kinney: We've
got our index.js which is loading
the application component.
>> Steve Kinney: Application component
right now has just some Component state,
which are the two posts that
you saw on there, some stars,
some content, so on and so forth.
We can go ahead.
We have that handleCreate,
where you saw me creating a new post.
And we basically render that with a post
component that has, we go into posts.
You can see that has
the AddPost component.
I'll let you venture a guess on what that
does, and it renders all of the posts.
At this point right now, Star and
Delete don't actually do anything,
just the ability to create a post.
So again,
a very kind of standard React app.
If the other files in here
stress you out there,
they're just kinda
presentational components.
So we're not writing a whole bunch
of UI code as we're go ahead and
learning fancy state management and
learning Firebase.
There's just some very basic,
like the SignIn component is a form
where you put in an email and
a password, and there's a Sign In button,
so on and so forth.
Those are kinda just pre-built for
us to use as we go along.